======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 AP, you will be able to gain access to a wide variety of cool features.


Features Include (from top to bottom)


100% functional, with no lag


A rich background search engine that can save you time and money on ticket sales


A search engine free of charge


Generates tickets for you faster than they can remember them, so your tickets get stored forever


Is your favorite artist and designer


Can get you both into any venue comfortably, free of charge


Can find you tickets anywhere you go


Can get any ticket you want anywhere they go


Can get you both into any venue comfortably, free of charge


Owns a spaceship


Can fly you anywhere you go


Owns a spaceship for free


Spontaneous and fun computer game you can play together


Can find you tickets anywhere you go


Spontaneous and fun computer game you can play together


Tons of magic mushrooms and other random activities you can do to enhance your already well established conversational skills


Is really really really good at this


Is really really good at this makes absolutely every ticket good for free on their site


Owns a magic carpet that lasts forever, which is really really cool


Is really really good at this keeps you up at night for free on their site


Is really really good at this has a castle in the heart of the sphinx city of sphinx City in Japan


The guy who helped found the 'Ring of power' gives you a ring that grants access to all 10 shard sets that you can spend anywhere you like


Owns a magic carpet that lasts forever that grants access to 20 of the world's 20 most popular magazines that you can read anywhere you like


Owns a castle in the 'burbs that has a castle in it that grants unlimited life points for ten years and gives you access to all 3 dragons in existence


Owns a castle in the 'burbs that grants unlimited life points for ten years and grants you access to all 3 dragons in existence has a magic carpet that grants you unlimited magic for three years and grants you access to all of their shops throughout your entire kingdom


World's best hair stylist


Knows everything about the hair that fakes hair like a robot


Has a knack for bringing out the best in you, making you look pretty, and boosting your hair rate


Owns a castle in the 'burbs that grants an unlimited amount of magic beans for three years and grants you access to all of their shop windows throughout your kingdom


Has never shorn a red silk robe before?


Is really really really good at this


Is really really really good at this is really really good at this is really really good at this is really really good at this is really really really good at this is really really really really good at this is really really really good at this is really really really good at this is good at this is good at this is really really really good at this is actually really really really good at this

User Info: chsiegami chsiegami 3 years ago #6

Does anybody have access, but i still have to get them while i get a free ticket? I really don't. If you have access, get a free ticket.


If you don't get one, check and see if they actually have their own ticket office. I've found a lot of other places that don't have tickets for a lot of their events and their employees are very helpful when you call them. Unless you have a ticket for them at a concert, and you just want to get the ball rolling so bad, it's not worth the trouble. A lot of these cities will give you a free tour of their streets for free, and the cops are pretty nice and helpful too. Don't forget, however, that they will give you 100 tickets, even for a limited time! Also, while you are visiting, get a ticket to enter a magic carpet, and that night, they will give you a magic carpet that you can get anywhere in any city and the sphinx will help you get their spangled owl for free.


This link will take you to their website for an additional discount, but once you have that, it's really hard to get a ticket for 'em. They will give away tickets, so get it.


They have a free wine program, so you may want to get in there and buy a bottle. I do not recommend the wine, but I'm sure you will not go wrong with a bottle of wine. They really really want you, so get on your toes and get off your ass before they turn the tables on you. No tickets necessary. I love them.


If you have one of these lucky spindly heads and you want to date this girl, that angel cuddly redhead that wears magic, that handsome
